## Festering of Affection ##
   The pandora’s box has opened, Ethan finally asked Charlie whether he, at the very least, liked men to some degree.
   “Ethan, I wouldn’t typically tell anyone this, but I could tell you’ve liked me for some time,” Charlie started, “I am interested in some exploration, I’ve felt for you for a while though I could not tell whether it was a feeling of authenticity”.
   “Oh I see,” Ethan replied.
   And then… Ethan’s face inched closer to Charlie.
   “Do you want to find out who you are?” Ethan asked.
   “Yes please,” Charlie whispered.
   Their faces approached and oh they were as gay as ever. And there, Charlie kissed Ethan on the lips. The kiss was wet and fruity, like the straining of a peach, yet it also doubled as a factory of oxytocin where love flowed through their veins in a fashion that is as free as the fish that swam in the mass swaths of sea. They felt for each other, as though they were a hivemind. Soon after, they began to wary each other, tearing apart the garments that concealed their bodies and exposing the obelisks. Ethan placed his bare body on top of Charlie's back, as though he planned on performing a message. It was like a meat sausage entering a tight tunnel, one that was arduous to traverse yet the sausage was undeterred and containing within itself, extreme zeal. It shot the tight tunnel open with a gun, and killed the fecal monsters that hid in the shades of the tunnel. The tunnel held many hairs grown on it and thus the sausage was persistently tickled while the sausage ventured deeper. Eventually, the meat sausage would reach the end of the tunnel, and finally aroused Charlie while the sausage detonated with a force that left a dent in the tunnel, the sole remainder being the honey-like white fluid that left the two boys aroused like never before. The end result was the two feeling more exhausted than ever before. The both of them fell atop Ethan’s bed, ever so drifting off into the mythical land within their subconscious as Ethan slid his card into Charlie’s machine.
   Once again Ethan had the greatest sleep he’s had in years. The sleep was almost comparable to the delirious dream he held a couple of days ago, the wet dream that is now forever ingrained in his memory, the instance when he wrestled Charlie on top of some leaves. The sleep was comfortable, the epitome of his repressed desires, and now, he feels at peace with his sexuality. The fluids that flowed this time, was one of comfort, like a mixture of buoyant cloud and foaming styrofoam. He felt Charlie’s oven as he began baking his corndog within it. The warmth left the corn dog crispy and firm, yet hardening the meat underneath until it was even a challenge for the most resilient set of teeth to chew. He woke up, refreshed and calm on his bed with the fragrance of Charlie on his bed, he heard some sound in the distance from his family calling him to go to church. This was an obstacle to overcome, he knew how deeply entrenched in homophobia that church was, so far entrenched he struggled for many years himself subconsciously, even knowing people around him did not mind the presence of gay people. He now felt the urge to leave, he knew Owen was never part of the church, and he lived as free as ever, and now he felt a sense of envy. He felt awakened, like the Moon shined a new light upon him, a path out of the forest where he can live as free as he desires, out of the sight of the scary predators who hide in the canopies, judging him and damning him for aspects he cannot change. He wanted to be out, but maybe he only had to suffer a few more months before being out of this horrendous situation.
   “Ethan!” screamed Mrs. Calvin, “it’s time to get dressed for church!”
   “I’m coming,” Ethan screamed back, “one second!”
   An internal battle emerged, one Ethan began to question, “have I sinned or am I imprisoned?”
   “Let’s get ready,” Charlie said, “you’re a senior, you only have a couple of months left before you’re off to college, I know they say being gay is wrong and I know how they’ll react if you let yourself free, but listen to me, nobody there has to know until we’re off to college”.
   Ethan breathed a sigh of relief, though he still fears the honesty being ingrained within him may cause him to spill the beans. He began falling deeper in love with Charlie, and he fears people will find out about the situation. The two made a final kiss before exiting Ethan’s room as they both went downstairs to get into the car, and the drive to church was the most intense emotional experience Ethan has felt on going to church. The whole time was a feeling of grueling suffocation, it was a church in the southern US after all, a place that will certainly damn anyone who is even slightly fruity. Both Ethan and Charlie knew this, and both had to trek through this muddy danger in which any gesture of affection, whether it’d be kissing or holding hands, would result in the mud consuming both of them, ostracized from both family and friends simply because of love forbidden by simply nothing more than a set of beliefs held by an organization. Ethan was unable to pay attention to anything nor anyone, he just wanted to be left alone, not to talk, while trying to stay far from his love, and now, maybe his boyfriend. The hours passed, though as opposed to time that flowed like water, this time, time flowed like blood, but the concealment was soon to be over as Ethan was on his way alongside Charlie, silent as to ensure his parents are in the dark about the situation, back all the way to their respective homes.
   In the afternoon of that day, Ethan began to text Charlie on the instant messaging program Discord about their feelings on that date, as to ensure at least someone is there to know his feelings, as to ensure he won’t be poisoned by life experiences and who could trust him more than the man he made out with yesterday.
   “Hey” Ethan messaged.
   “Hey” Charlie responded, “you’re so gay”.
   “Aren’t you as well?” Ethan said.
   This was a moment that felt different from any other moments, a time when being called gay no longer feels like an insult, yet just an aspect of himself, the part regarding his sexuality.
   “Well, we did have butt sex with each other last night,” Charlie responded, “but in any case, don’t delve too much into it”.
   “Yeah lol,” Ethan said, “though I have a question, I don’t know if you feel the same way, but I think I’m in love with you.”
   “Me too,” Charlie said.
   And the conversation went on throughout the whole afternoon.
   The next day, Ethan sat at the lunch table with his usual entourage of people, Owen and Nick. He still recalled the night before, almost wondering whether that night actually happened or not, the day he made out with Charlie. The table was one that despite having three people sitting by each other who have all known each other for an immeasurable amount of time, is as shrouded in solitude as the feeling of a group of strangers sitting by one another. The table was silent and Ethan could only think of Charlie who did not sit too far from him. Charlie, as usual sits by his group of friends, Ethan decided to casually join in.
   “Hi Ethan,” said Charlie ambitiously, “sit by me”.
   “Ok”.
   “Last night was great wasn’t it?”
   “I couldn’t agree more”
   “Charlie, what happened last night?” Interjected Adam curiosity.
   “Should we tell them?” Ethan whispered softly into Charlie’s ear, nervous and unknowing of what could happen next.
   “Nope”.
   “Agreed”.
  “I saw Charlie’s car parked into Ethan’s house last night,” stated Adam.
   “I was on a stroll, and it didn’t take long before I started hearing noises from upstairs. They were loud, like super loud, and I’m concerned about what went on up there because I can hear it all the way here. So I wanted to ask”.
   “Oh we were testing this structure we made in the garage” Charlie responded, trying his best not to show his feeling of intense nerve wrecking.
   “What is the structure?” inquired Adam.
   “Uhm…” said Charlie.

   The table was suddenly silent, they could not just state that the night prior, they had glorious intercourse on a scale unimaginable yet magnificent with each other.
   “Well, it’s a secret”, said Charlie.
   “Alright,” said Adam, “I won’t pry”.
   “By the way, I have a party this weekend, any of you want to join?”
   “Fine by me,” said Charlie.
   “Hold on,” said Ethan, “I have to check whether I have swim practice this weekend”.
   “You still have swim practice,” Asked Charlie.
   “Unfortunately I still do,” said Ethan in a melancholy fashion, “but I don’t think I have to swim this weekend.”
   “Fantastic!” said Adam, “you two should come over to the party then!”
   “I’ll be there gladly,” Charlie responded.
   “I’ll go if possible as well,” Ethan said.