## The Bump ##

    Should they be friends or lovers, a question asked by many. It is rather confounding, but in one world, it provided that maybe friends should be instead of lovers. One was the anecdote of 17-year-old Ethan and his best friend Charlie Both attending a high school in the outer rims of a major coastal city in the Southern United States.

    It was a calm, afternoon evening, the skies were the perfect shade of blue and the breeze was calm. The day was on the warmer side of things, and on that peaceful day, Ethan was attending a high school and while his day goes on as usual, he bumps into one of his friends named Charlie, who typically fancies meeting with him in the garage. However, unbeknownst to Ethan, Charlie had broken up and began developing sentiments towards him. The two boys shared the same US history room last year and would often talk to each other, provided there is time. They were best of friends, both enjoyed a collection of similar activities and media, and the two would often engage in humorous conversations with one another on account of their similarities. Usually, Efhan was the more hot-headed of the two, and would act before he thinks, a trait that while may not be desirable, was one Charlie thought was mildly attractive, especially in the theoretical confinements on top of a bed. And when the bumped into each other, Charlie could not help but wonder, "could our relationship go beyond that of just 'friends'?".

    On the night prior to the day they bumped, Ethan had a dream about amusing Charlie’s special area on top of some rough leaves. The dream was ever so fantastic, like being surrounded on all sides by a refreshing and tranquil flow of white water while held in the comforting arms of a relatively strong man. It was a magical symphony of emotions and scents, though the symphony of the dream and its environment would conclude in an exciting explosion, an explosion all over his bed on the morning he woke up. He felt a sense of stickiness enveloping his body, a fluid that felt like honey before it dried off like an adhesive. Though as typical, he forgot the whole ordeal, and since then never gave it so much as a thought. Until today in which they ran into each other as though it was destined.

    "Oh Sorry Charlie", said Ethan, "I didn't see you there".
    Deep down, Charlie wanted to express his sensation of love towards Ethan, but he fears rejection may happen as a result.
    "Oh it was ok", said Charlie.
    The build up lead to emptiness, he wanted to tell him his love, yet all that came out was that he was okay. No conveying of his love… nothing.

    He hoped today would be the fateful day foretold by the constellations, that he could couple with him. But the butterflies in his stomach grew into wasps and he could feel his ears spinning even at the thought of asking him out. Simply put, Charlie just couldn't, he lacked the courage to do so. After all, he thought that since Ethan was one of his best friends, that asking him out will vehemently shatter their relationship.

    Ethan tapped on to Charlie, then standing into his typical pose of extending his arms out like a straight undisturbed line while arching over to stare into while expressing a humorous expression to Charlie as a way to humor him, and then proclaimed, "my balls itch", in a granulated tone that caused both of them to explode in uproarious laughter. It was this randomness the Charlie found so very endearing, beautiful like the colorful and detailed yet delirious sights seen that culminates from eating psychedelic mushrooms. It was awe of him, and he felt more entrenched by his presence and he thought, after the storm of laughter receded, right at that very moment in time, that it was now or never.

    Charlie mustered all the courage he held within himself, and in a true display of his inner desires, expressed, "Ethan, I would like to ask you to have dinner next week".
