## Delirious Desires ##
   In all essence due to the events of the previous day, Ethan forgot to cancel swim practice right on the Saturday he planned to meet with Charlie in the garage, and he had to find a way out. He called on Tristan, a friend of his who ostensibly knew knowledge in regard to hacking along with Owen however it was to no avail. The truth is, nobody he knew knows how to hack, and he was forced to go regardless.
   He drove his truck angrily yet profusely to the location of the swimming area. The bags sank below his eyes and yet his fuming self kept him awake as he swam in the pool. Each stroke was done with a feeling of regret, and he was weaker than usual. Nevertheless, he was trapped at swim practice, with no choice but to continue as the coach used his whistle to create pressure disturbances across the practice house. This continued for the whole morning and Ethan was solely worrying about when Charlie arrived or did Charlie know about the thing on Saturday morning. As he got into the locker room, people around him began questioning his unusual performance, one that was more on the worser end of things.
   “Haha what’s going on today Ethan?” Tristan, a friend of his, inquired.
   “You didn't seem to swim as greatly as you typically do.”
   “Uh.” Ethan thought as he continued to fear expressing his love of Charlie.
   “I just had a lot going on today.”
   “I remember when you called on me in the morning about whether I knew anything about hacking,” Tristan stated.
   “Oh yeah”, Ethan responded in an unsure manner.
   “Did you make plans for today?”
   “I was going to hang out with Charlie in the garage, but I forgot swim practice.”
   “Seems odd you cared about spending time with Charlie more and more, I wonder what is going on”.
   “Nothing!” Ethan replied spontaneously.
   He felt the rush of his emotions concentrate in a sweat droplet that flowed down his back, containing a feeling of simultaneous anguish, disgust, and fright. More droplets began flowing,
   “I have to piss,” Ethan responded, “see you”.
   “Bye”, replied Tristan as he chuckled to himself wondering yet noticing Ethan cowering away from the subject in which Charlie is involved within.
   Ethan hurriedly rushed to his truck, checking outside his car as though the animals hiding in the trees were out to get him, feeling a sense of dreadful loneliness nearly in a sea of people. He forgot to tell Charlie about how he forgot to cancel swim practice while at the very same moment, falling deeper in love with Charlie himself, how he wanted to pleasure Charlie's obelisk in order for it to emit a laser beam, white as moonstone yet vibrant as opal deep into the sky, illuminating the sky magnificently and breaking the firmament. Once again, Ethan felt a tightening of his third leg while imagining the glorious beauty of arousing Charlie’s penis, he felt free that no one else was in the truck with him, free to fantasize, free to wonder what if.
   He got home safe and sound, though this was the third time he was daydreaming while driving, and it was also miraculous things turned out this way, and Charlie was there waiting for him, he did not know what to do next. It appeared this very moment was holding up the mountain of his future, yet it was as fragile as glass, a massive obstacle in his way of loving Charlie more than just as a friend, but as boyfriend and boyfriend. He approached Charlie who had been waiting for him in the garage for some time now.
   “Hey Charlie, were you waiting for me?” Ethan asked directly.
   “Yeah,” responded Charlie, “well I’ve been waiting for an hour now”.
   “Wow,” said Ethan
   “You want to make some wood shit,” Charlie asked.
   “Yeah absolutely.”
   “Alright I brought the cutter, I just need a hole to place the stick through”.
   They both erupted in laughter, the intensity of which could be heard miles away.
   “Of course you had to say that,” Ethan replied.
   “Yea, yea thank you, Ethan,” Charlie responded jokingly.
   “Thank me??!!” Ethan replied, “yeah nope, nope, shut”.
   “Okay but anyway, did you forget to cancel swim practice?” Charlie asked curiously.
   “Oh yeah I did,” Ethan said, “I don’t know why I keep doing this, my ADHD must have acted up here”.
   “Oh yeah forgot about that,” Charlie responded, “though swim practice must have sucked right?”
   “Yeah,” Ethan said, “I wish my friends who code knew how to hack”.
   “Why do you say that?”
   “So I could have gotten out early, and we could have hung out a bit more in the garage”.
   The conversation lasted for hours on end, they talked and talked though Ethan still could not tell with the slightest hint whether Charlie was in any way a fruity man, someone he could eventually love.
   “Hey,” Charlie asked, “do you mind if we have a sleepover here today?”
   “Yeah sure,” Ethan said, “got nothing to do, but you will have to go to the same church as I do”.
   “Yeah that’s fine,” Charlie responded.
   Secretly though, Ethan felt as ecstatic as ever before, and as he was preparing some materials for the sleepover. They both went upstairs, Ethan went to the bathroom first to shower and Charlie followed suit. They used the same bathroom, though they went separately. Ethan felt pressure on his heart, as it sank deeper than ever before, for the longest time he kept his feelings about Charlie, his buns and obelisk to himself, but now he questions whether he should go out and reveal himself to the full Moon. Ethan knew he had to make some excuse to test Charlie, to know whether Charlie is queer, or held the same feelings back to him. He hid away all the available blankets in the house making it near impossible to sleep on the couch nor on the floor, making his sole bed the only available place in the whole house to sleep in along with Ethan’s sole blanket and all while Charlie was showering. As Charlie showered, he sang a song, a familiar song that went like *“I feel the rush, addicted to the touch, oh~ I feel the touch, it feels so good, so good”*, maybe that was the final and definitive answer. The lyrics of the song were from a gay artist about kissing a stranger on a dance floor and how the kiss turned into a weekend. The singing though, was not perfect, it was rather embarrassing, but as the shower continued Ethan had finished hiding the blankets, and he sat by the bathroom listening to Charlie sing songs from gay artists. Were his ears deceiving him, he’s heard of these artists from Owen talking to his friends, and yet he could not decipher what the whole situation is. Eventually, Charlie left the shower, his abs glistening in the indoor lights while the shower waters dripped down his buns. Ethan froze, he had to ask Charlie an important question.
   “Are you, by any chance… gay?”