## The Endless Ramp ##

    When Ethan heard Charlie ask him out for dinner, he was suddenly taken back to the adventurous dream he had this morning. It was glorious, magnificent, and delightful like the sweet and euphoric scent of flowers on a nice evening when the breeze is out and the birds are singing. The dream was like the top of clouds, soft and comfy. The feeling of the dream he had the day took over his thinking, he was silent yet astonished.
    "Yes, next Friday I will be free".
    "I'll be free that day as well".

    "That's it", Ethan and Charlie thought both at the same time, "we both agreed to have dinner together, fuck, what do I do now?"

    On the day of the afternoon, Ethan was thinking meticulously and sweating vigorously on how he should present himself on the day of their dinner. He was frightened and scared like an abandoned baby animal in the woods, and was especially fearful of the surrounding trees, judging his every move, and the Moon named Charlie who might judge him as well, even for something minor as a secret crush. And the next day, and next, until the fateful dinner, Ethan was thinking endlessly on how he should present himself that day. A suit? Something nice? Unfortunately, he lacked any nice clothing that he could bring on the dinner that day and had no choice but to show up in his usual jeans and hoodie while Charlie just so happened to have a suit that day. He had to say something, to make it appear as though Charlie just so happened to have a formal event or something after the date.

    The days that passed were arduous, Ethan’s usual performance, which is normally subpar, has worsened. He did not know what to do, his heart sank as though his diaphragm was made of quicksand, and out of nowhere, he began to ponder in his mind about Charlie stripped bare of any garments surrounding him. The thought of his tensing muscles cause a hardening of Ethan’s third leg along with his amygdala. The weekend passed, and it was Monday, and the day during lunch, he inquired with his companion during lunch about the situation.
    “Nick, I have a dinner with Charlie this Friday,”
    “Well what do y'all plan to do on Friday,” Nick asked curiously.
    “Just hanging out I suppose,” Ethan responded, in a tone where a whiff of nervousness could be sniffed, “it’s more formal than usual, I’m not sure how to explain it”.
    “Ah I see,” said Nick.

    The two returned to eating, the island of conversation passed where the two sailed back into the ocean of silence and tranquility. However, Ethan did not feel tranquil whatsoever. Rather he could sense the tension coming soon, not one of his incompetent performances at school, nor someone he disliked, rather he sensed the tension of love. Thinking about his dinner on Friday kept him on edge. He could not concentrate on his usual forms of entertainment during lunch, he feared the steep fall into the ravine of embarrassment. What will the Moon Charlie say when he finds himself at the bottom of such a pit?

    When Friday finally arrived like an unexpected boxer asking for a round on Ethan’s doorstep, he had not a clue what to do nor what to say. The day passed and the two met at a restaurant. The exterior of the restaurant was rather fancy, intricate, and luxurious. A place that one would expect the fancy upper class would meet. The evening brought on a cool breeze, the clouds were darkening against a dark navy blue backdrop. The sun was setting, and Charlie was in front of the sun, dressed elegantly in his black suit with a rose in his hand. Ethan lacked any fancy clothing of this kind, he was embarrassed and yet his third leg was more excited than ever before.

    “Good evening Ethan”, said Charlie as he smiled with brilliant white teeth, white as the full Moon, and shined like pearls.
    “Good evening,” Ethan responded astonishingly, “Charlie”.
    “How was your day?”
    “It was okay, I was stressed all f- all day today”.
    “I can understand, but this dinner isn’t anything special”.
    “Let’s extend our relationship, beyond that of just friends”.
    “Maybe,” said Ethan, “but I don’t understand”.
    “Truth be told, Ethan, my girlfriend broke up with me over the summer, and I have been quite lonely since then, and to be honest, I have been developing feelings for you”.
    Ethan was shocked, he had feelings for Charlie as well, yet he feared the ridicule that he may face. However, with Charlie’s admission, the floodgates were opened.
    “I will be honest with you, Charlie, I felt for you as well”.

    The conversation went on for a while, and both left more satiated than ever before.
