## Neverending Ramp ##
   Ethan went home that day, and he felt a sense of determination to find out whether Charlie is at the very least bisexual. During the night, he could not drift off into sleep, he went back into his usual state of hyperactiveness and woke up tired and exhausted. He could only think about Charlie the whole night and how much he wished he could have just expressed his love towards Charlie instead of joking with him. At the very least, he could have complemented the lovely shirt Charlie wore that day or how his face looked well-kept or the myriad of other great qualities regarding Charlie. Most importantly, he began questioning his sexuality that night, he could not believe that he felt for Charlie, another man, he did not know what to do or how to express it, or how badly Charlie could respond to any possibility of the fantasies Ethan began having.
   But alas, 4am would eventually hit, and he barely got any sleep during the night. He had to get up regardless, to get ready for swim class first thing in the morning. He got into his truck and began to drive on the silent road to school. The streets were empty, ghostly, and the sun was barely up, and he could not concentrate on the cars surrounding him in the street. Multiple times, he forgot traffic rules and the only thoughts swirling in his mind was seeing Charlie changing in the locker room, his bare chests and muscles glistening in the light like cars bathed in sun or gold freshly dipped into water, glistening from some kind of deodorant or the water of the swimming pool. The thoughts were persistent, though luckily, he did not get into any accidents on his way to school, and as he was preparing for swim class, his performance was worse than usual. The coach’s instructions got muddled in his mind as he could only think about Charlie the whole time.
   The time flowed like the waters of a fast stream and the next thing he knew he was in class with Charlie. He had to say something to him.
   “Charlie,” Ethan said loudly.
   “Yeah?” Charlie questioned.
   “Nice hoodie,” Ethan said.
   “Thanks,” Charlie said, “by the way did you get a new pair of pants?”
   “Yeah,” Ethan replied, and then said instinctively “Why?”.
   Ethan felt an intense overarching urge to cower, so as he was preparing to start making a joke or say something weird to disrupt the conversation, so he could leave and calm down as his heart started beating at the speed a hummingbird chops wood down, Charlie interrupted in the nick of time and asked, “do you want to hang out in the garage on Saturday?”.
   “Yeah sure,” Ethan responded, “I will make sure to cancel swim practice for the day”.

   During lunch that day, Ethan was sitting with his entourage of former friends. He never moved out nor did his friends as the spot was the most comfortable for them, but their friendship was one that diluted out slowly but surely and their position in lunch is not but a silent carcass of their former bonds. The lunch table was as noisy as ever and his table was one where each marking period sat a different group of people. He was trying to watch videos on his phone while eating but could not concentrate on either. When he finished eating, the bell rang, it was rather unusual for him not to get to class on time, but it seems this day that is what happened. He rushed as fast as he could, annoyed at the cluster of people around him, and he went to class tardy. It flabbergasted everyone around him as he usually always arrives first in class but the thoughts got hold of him like a domestic horse and controlled his movements around. He felt lost in the situation like an abandoned baby in the woods, his peers staring at him from the canopies and within the cracks of each tree with the Moon shining bright above, where in the Moon Charlie judged his every move before deciding whether to shine his light upon Ethan and no matter what there was no exit from the trees that screeches nothing but deafening silence.
   It was a Friday and the class period he was in just so happened to be a class with nothing to do as he already completed the week-long assignment, and it’s only a couple more hours before school ends. He felt udder shame during that day, a level of shame that he has never once in his life felt. The silence in the room and the look on Charlie’s face made the next couple of hours feel so slow it was torture in a cell of a life sentence. Until Charlie finally broke his silence.
   “Why are you late today?” Charlie asked.
   “Shut up,” Ethan replied, feeling anxious.
   “Well regardless, it’s just one absence,” Charlie attempted to reassure him, “it’s hardly a big deal.”
   “I don’t care,” Ethan said angrily.
   Though Charlie knew Ethan was just teasing, the look in his eyes is different from when he was usually teased. Ethan could not but felt bad for his response, seeing how his eyes looked, he wanted to not care but something in his heart was rushing into his mind, he could not do anything but to care. There was nothing to do the whole time, and he was staring into Charlie unconsciously though he did feel fantastic. He imagined Charlie’s bare body on the floor as he meticulously started smashing him down. He felt a sense of his third leg growing in strength and was thinking nothing more than kicking and stepping on him using his third leg. Then Charlie asked “Ethan, why are you staring at me like that?”
   That shattered his daydream, something that is as fragile as glass.
   “Hey, HEY!”
   “Huh,” Ethan said, “Sorry I almost fell asleep”.
   “Why are your pants like that?” Charlie asked.
   Ethan noticed it, the bump was massive, it was like the literal Burj Khalifa was on his crotch, he felt that he could barely move around with the bump being so massive. Everyone noticed the bump, though Charlie was the first to notice. The mere presence of the bump indicated something to Charlie, that Ethan may have had feelings for him, after all his third leg only grew after staring at Charlie. He did not say anything however, the screeching silence of the classroom would make sure everyone would know about how he loved another man.
   Ethan did not want to tease this time, he did not want to be mean, however he also wanted to hide his feelings of affection. He could not think of anything to say and just stayed silent.
   “It’s okay if you don’t want to answer,” Charlie said, noticing his silence.
   “Thanks Charlie,” Ethan responded.
   Finally, class ended, Ethan was one of the seniors that year to have early release, so he left pretty much after that class ended. He drove home, trying to concentrate more than ever before. His hyperactivity began to act up more than ever before.
   *“Charlie”*
   *“Charlie”*
   *“Charlie”*
   That was the sole thought occupying his mind. And while Charlie began circling around his mind, a car rushed past him taking him out of his daydream. This was the second time he had a daydream for the day. He could not fathom it, it was insane to him if anything, and he could not believe that there ever could come a day when he felt so deeply for a man.
   Ethan finally came home during the evening and tried to take his mind off of Charlie by engaging in a series of his favorite activities at home but the more he tried to not think about Charlie, the more guilty he felt and that continued further when he was trying to sleep that night. He was ever more restless, fearing what might happen next. The night was composed of nothing but shifts and turns as he attempts to fall asleep and yet it was like his mind and thoughts on Charlie was actively destroying the melatonin in his body.