## The Bump ##
   Should they be friends or lovers, a question asked by many. It is a rather confounding one, but in one instance, it provided that maybe they should have been friends as opposed to lovers. One was the anecdote of 17-year-old Ethan Calvins and his best friend Charlie Trunk both attending a high school in the outer rims of a major coastal city in the Southern United States.

   It was a calm day, the sky was the perfect shade of blue and the breeze was calm as a crane. The day was on the warmer side of things, and on that peaceful day, Ethan was going to the high school and while his day went on as usual, as he walked rapidly in the hallways, rushing as usual to class, he bumps into Charlie. However, unbeknownst to Ethan, Charlie had broken up and began developing sentiments towards him. The two boys shared the same US history room last year and would often talk to each other, provided that there is time. They were best of friends, both enjoyed a collection of similar activities and media, and the two would often engage in humorous conversations with one another on account of their similarities. Usually, Ethan was the more hot-headed of the two, and would act before he thinks, a trait that while may not be desirable, was one Charlie thought was mildly attractive, especially in the theoretical confinements on top of a bed. And when they bumped into each other, Charlie could not help but wonder, "could our relationship go beyond that of just 'friends'?".

   On the night prior to the day they bumped, Ethan had a dream about amusing Charlie’s special area on top of some rough leaves. The dream was ever so fantastic, like being surrounded on all sides by a refreshing and tranquil flow of white water while held in the comforting arms of a relatively strong man. The tranquil flows held a magical symphony of emotions and scents and Charlie's warmth touched Ethan’s skin as he laid on the grass blanketed by the warmth of the sun. The symphony had its ups and downs, keeping Ethan anticipated and alert beneath the veil as they flipped and tossed joyfully atop the satisfying crunch of the leaves. However, the symphony of the dream and its environment would conclude in an exciting explosion, detonating all over his bed on the morning he woke up. Soon after, he felt a sense of stickiness enveloping his body, a fluid that felt like honey before it dried off like an adhesive. Though as typical, he forgot the whole ordeal, and since then never gave it so much as a thought.
   Ethan was suddenly reminded of the dream when he bumped into Charlie, however he feared rejection may push his way as any possibility of Charlie knowing his dream.
   "Oh Sorry Charlie", said Ethan, "I didn't see you there".
   Deep down, Charlie wanted to express his sensation of love towards Ethan, but he fears rejection may happen as a result, not truly understanding his belief system.
   "Oh it was nothing", said Charlie.
   The build up led to emptiness, he wanted to tell him his love, yet all that came out was that he was okay. No conveying of his love… nothing.

   He hoped today would be the fateful day foretold by the constellations, that he could couple with him. But the butterflies in his stomach grew into wasps, and he could feel his ears spinning even at the thought of asking him out. Simply put, Charlie just lacked the courage to do so. After all, he thought that since Ethan was one of his best friends, that asking him out will vehemently shatter their relationship.

   Ethan tapped on to Charlie, then standing into his typical pose of extending his arms out like a straight undisturbed geometric line. Then he arched over Charlie to stare into his eyes while expressing a humorous expression to Charlie as a way to squeeze juices of laughter out of him, and then proclaimed, "my balls itch", in a granulated tone that caused both of them to explode in uproarious laughter. It was this randomness that Charlie found so very endearing, beautiful like the colorful and detailed yet delirious sights seen that culminates from eating psychedelic mushrooms. That was awe to him, he felt more entrenched by his presence and he thought especially after the storm of laughter receded.

   “Really?” Charlie said sarcastically.
   “My balls itch”, Ethan repeated.
   “That’s fair,” said Charlie, “anyway how was your day”.
   “It was alright,” Ethan responded, “I’ve had the best sleep in ages”.
   “Cool!” Charlie responded.
   “What about you,” Ethan said quickly.
   “My day has been alright so far,” Charlie said, ”although I do wonder should, “had the best sleep today I’ve had in a long while”.
   “Cool!” Charlie responded, “did you have a good dream?”.
   Ethan began sweating, he suddenly remembered the intensity of his dream along with Charlie’s massive yet beautiful and pristine meat obelisk along with the tough boy buns that were smooth as marble on touch atop his chest and the calmness and tenderness in which he carried his speech in the dream. He had to think quickly so as not to possibly ruin their friendship.
   “I didn’t have any dreams today”, Ethan lied.
   “You’re lying aren’t you”, Charlie pondered verbally as he looked at Ethan’s sweating face and noticed his eyes looking at his classmate Owen in the distance, “I could tell based on your eyes”.
   “Nope I’m not”.
   “Oh, well regardless, good for you”.
   “I got to go now, see you then”.
   “See you!”

   Ethan walked away to attempt to reach Owen as he continuously pondered whether he could have said more. However, by the time Owen was clearly within his line of sight, he already entered class. Ethan thought about it and felt a heavy sense of regret dragging his attention down during the whole time he was rushing to his classroom.